Ben edits (#1)
arm61/msd-errors: src/tex/ms.tex

MSD data obtained from simulation, however, are neither statistically independent nor identically distributed.
The variances, $\var{\oMSDi}$, are correlated, since the displacement of each particle at time $t+\Delta t$ is necessarily similar to its displacement at time $t$, and hence, $\oMSDs{t}$ is similar to $\oMSDs{t+\Delta t}$.
These variances are also typically unequal---the data are heteroscedastic \cite{smith_random_1996,he_statistical_2018,UslerEtAl_JComputChem2023}. 
Because the key assumptions of the OLS method are not valid for MSD data, OLS gives statistically inefficient estimates of $\D$, while the estimated regression uncertainties obtained from the standard OLS statistical formulae significantly underestimate the true uncertainty in $\prob{\Dest_\mathrm{OLS}}$ (\cref{fig:glswlsols}a).

\begin{figure}
    \centering

>     \resizebox{\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics*{figure1.pdf}}

Author: ```suggestion
    % \resizebox{\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics*{figure1.pdf}}
    \includegraphics[width=\columnwidth]{glswlsols.pdf}
```

To demonstrate this, we performed \num{4096} independent simulations of \num{128} particles undergoing a three-dimensional cubic-lattice random walk of \num{128} steps per particle.
Using data from all \num{4096} simulations, we first compute the true simulation MSD and its variance (\cref{fig:msd}a).
We also compute the MSD and estimated variance using data from a single simulation trajectory (\cref{fig:msd}b), using the scheme described above.
A quantitative comparison between the true MSD variance and the single-trajectory estimated MSD variance is made in \cref{fig:msd}c: the close numerical agreement confirms that \cref{equ:varestMSD} can be used to estimate $\var{\oMSD}$, which can then be used to parameterise the model covariance matrix $\mathbf{\Sigma^\prime}$ via \cref{equ:cvv}.
\begin{figure}
    \centering

>     \resizebox{\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics*{figure2.pdf}}

Author: ```suggestion
    % \resizebox{\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics*{figure2.pdf}}
    \includegraphics[width=\columnwidth]{msd.pdf}
```

To illustrate the accuracy of the numerical procedure for deriving the model covariance matrix, $\bm{\Sigma^\prime}$, we present in \cref{fig:covariances} the MSD covariance matrix for \num{4096} random-walk simulations, as described above, at three differing levels of approximation:
\cref{fig:covariances}a shows the numerically converged covariance matrix, $\bm{\Sigma}$, computed using the data from all \num{4096} simulations (\cref{fig:covariances}a); \cref{fig:covariances}b shows the corresponding analytical covariance matrix, $\mathbf{\Sigma^\prime}$, as defined by \cref{equ:cvv} and parametrised using analytical long-time-limit variances $\var{\oMSDi}$; and \cref{fig:covariances}c shows the average estimated matrix obtained by parametrising \cref{equ:cvv} using variances estimated from a single simulation trajectory, then reconditioning, with the average taken over all \num{4096} matrices obtained from the \num{4096} input simulations. 
\begin{figure}
    \centering

>     \resizebox{\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics*{figure3.pdf}}

Author: ```suggestion
    % \resizebox{\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics*{figure3.pdf}}
    \includegraphics[width=\columnwidth]{covariances.pdf}
```

    \caption{
        (a) The numerical MSD covariance matrix $\bm{\Sigma}$ calculated using MSD data from \num{4096} simulations of \num{128} particles undergoing a 3D lattice random walk of \num{128} steps per particle.
        (b) The analytical MSD covariance matrix $\bm{\Sigma^\prime}$ (\cref{equ:cvv}), parametrised using analytical long-time limit random-walk variances $\var{\oMSDi}$.
        (c) The MSD covariance matrix obtained applying the numerical scheme described in the main text to each individual random walk simulation, averaged over all \num{4096} such simulations.
        Colour bars in (a--c) show the covariance, $\Sigma\left[\oMSDi, \oMSDj\right]$.
        The off-diagonal panels show difference plots, computed as per-element ratios between pairs of covariance matrices (a--c).
    }
    \label{fig:covariances}
    \script{covariances.py}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure*}[ht!]
    \centering

>     \resizebox{\textwidth}{!}{\includegraphics*{figure4.pdf}}

Author: ```suggestion
    % \resizebox{\textwidth}{!}{\includegraphics*{figure4.pdf}}
    \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{random_walk.pdf}
```

We then performed approximate Bayesian regression, as above, on each effective trajectory, excluding the first \SI{10}{ps} of MSD data in each case to remove short-time data corresponding to the ballistic and sub-diffusive regimes \cite{burbano_sparse_2016,he_statistical_2018}.

The resulting distribution of the point estimates, $\Dest$, from analysis of all \num{192} effective trajectories, is shown in \cref{fig:diffusion}a.
As above, we also show the corresponding distribution of $\Dest$ estimates obtained via Bayesian regression using a well-converged numerical covariance matrix calculated from the full LLZO dataset.
The distribution $\prob{\Dest}$ obtained using the model covariance matrix and parametrised separately for each individual effective simulation is highly similar to that obtained using the aggregate numerical covariance matrix calculated from the complete simulation dataset.
This close agreement mirrors the results for our random walk simulations, and confirms that our method yields accurate and statistically efficient estimates for $\D$, even for real-world simulation data.

\begin{figure}[tb]
    \centering

>     \resizebox{\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics*{figure5.pdf}}

Author: ```suggestion
    % \resizebox{\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics*{figure5.pdf}}
    \includegraphics[width=\columnwidth]{diffusion.pdf}
```

      The pink bar shows an interval of one standard deviation $\sigma[\prob{\Dest}]$.
      (b) Probability distribution of estimated variances, $\varest{\Dest}$, for individual LLZO effective simulations, compared to the true sample variance (pink vertical line) $\var{\Dest}$.
    }
    \label{fig:diffusion}
    \script{diffusion.py}
\end{figure}

We also consider the probability distribution of estimates of the variance in $\Dest$ calculated for each effective trajectory (\cref{fig:diffusion}b), which we compare to the true variance in $\Dest$ for our method; i.e., the variance of the histogram in \cref{fig:diffusion}a.
While the estimated variances deviate somewhat from the true distribution $\prob{\var{\Dest}}$, the agreement is reasonable and mirrors our results for the random walk simulations.
Hence, our method provides reasonably accurate estimates of the uncertainty in $\Dest$ for our c-LLZO dataset, even when applied to single effective trajectories with limited displacement data (only 28 mobile ions, and \SI{500}{ps} simulation length).

\section{$\var{\Dest}$ scaling and comparison to OLS, WLS, and GLS}

\begin{figure}[htb]
    \centering

>     \resizebox{\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics*{figure6.pdf}}

Author: ```suggestion
    % \resizebox{\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics*{figure6.pdf}}
    \includegraphics[width=\columnwidth]{stat_eff.pdf}
```

\subsection{LLZO simulations}
Classical molecular dynamics simulations were run using the \textsc{metalwalls} code~\cite{marin_metalwalls_2020}. 
We used the DIPPIM polarisable ion force field, as parameterised by Burbano \emph{et al.}~\cite{burbano_sparse_2016}. 
We simulated the cubic phase of LLZO in the NVT ensemble at a temperature of \SI{700}{\kelvin}.
Simulations were run for \SI{6}{\nano\second} with a \SI{0.5}{\femto\second} timestep. 
To control temperature, we used a Nos\'{e}-Hoover thermostat, with a relaxation time of \SI{121}{\femto\second} (5000 $\hbar / E_{h}$)~\cite{nose_unified_1984,hoover_canonical_1985,martyna_nose_1992}. 
Simulations were performed using $2 \times 2 \times 2$ supercells with \SI{1536}{atoms} following the same protocol as in Ref.~\citenum{burbano_sparse_2016}.

\section*{Data availability}

Electronic Supplementary Information (ESI) available: A complete set of analysis/plotting scripts allowing for a fully reproducible and automated analysis workflow, using \textsc{showyourwork}~\cite{luger_showyourwork_2021}, for this work is available at Ref.~\cite{mccluskey_github_2022} under an MIT license.

> All raw simulation files are available on Zenodo shared under CC BY-SA 4.0 licences, the random walk simulations and other analysis-linked data~\cite{mccluskey_zenodo_2022} and the LLZO raw simulation trajectories~\cite{coles_llzo_zenodo_2022}.

Author: ```suggestion
The LLZO raw simulation trajectories are available on Zenodo shared under a CC BY-SA 4.0 licence~\cite{coles_llzo_zenodo_2022}.
```
